[IMP] General: Multi-Company Limitations (#10315)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/multi_company.rst

>    When he creates a new sales team, the :guilabel:`Company` field automatically defaults to `My

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When a new sales team is created, the :guilabel:`Company` field automatically defaults to `My
```

   Company (Chicago)`.

.. _general/sharing-data:

> Sharing data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Share data
```
